hello and welcome to Charlie plays games
I'm here I was Charlie's talking today
will be online trolling with Bowser guru
all right let's do it hey in this first
clip you'll see that bowser is throwing
his bananas behind him he's the children
they're just waiting for it would pass
by oh no that's party oh my gosh okay
here we go there you go slamming into
toad like oh I'm way bigger than you
I've got the weightiest card and stuff
toads like overwhelm me oh my gosh here
we go got this bowser here comes baby
mario oh my gosh look at that Bowser's
lack I remember I remember yoshi's
island I know what's going on dry bones
live stuff house what's going on player
and then here we go so down we're gonna
hit them again with that green shell
here comes around rawr get them again
yeah the boss I do all my coins
I'm losing all my coins up in here then
yeah we're just gonna drive by on when
we're done just going now really we're
not done we're gonna park ride for of
avenue to again throw them into that
stand oh my bowels are your you're a bad
bad turtle terrible turtle koala Luigi's
coming up on me but I'm holdin I'm
holdin a shell while we just like no
that's what you get y luigi i got more
for you later to trust me there's a lot
of water luigi getting taken down around
here Bowser's the end you don't put up
with that stuff okay got our red shelf
looks good chill you know she now just
your her down this corners and nobody
can see it I kind of look like bowser
right there mark more hahaha that's how
badly sounds a Bowser Sam right there
more okay hey guys this is a really
trollin this is awesome look at how
majestic bowser is he's so majestic he's
he's like a swan they got our shelf
through our green shell now we're coming
up around this corner oh yeah you know
what's gonna happen oh look it's waluigi
again y llywydd you thinks he's the
baddest around here I don't think so
bowser is yeah do that we're just like
I'm just gonna run him over yeah huh
slam into him right here boom
well bari when he went way over there
we'll get we're gonna get out of here
waluigi like t-boned right there that's
funny Bowser's space you gotta check
this out rawr just chillin cruising
whatever not really worried again this
is a really cool shot too oh there's all
the weed you get oh no now that turns
around he's like your hair who's turning
around doing a trick they have been in
wild weegee space Bowser ever domestic
King Koopa saga ain't nobody got time
for that codes like yeah oh my gosh
doing on the turn of doom again put on
our star oh what's going on here Mario
what is the woodsy thing he's doing
Mario's all coming up on me when I have
a star he's like oh god gotta get away I
can't take you I gotta get out of here
bar yeah you just get out of here
okay so we got our bullet bill or just
gonna go and stop this war ii o through
like half the rate no not worried about
items note okay watch this he's getting
all scared driving off the road and
stuff following the hold that's okay
here we go here we go and they messed up
boom all the way trailed them for like
half the track just to just to do that
remake yeah yeah yeah that's right okay
in this shot right here you're gonna see
that i chained my star so then we go
through the next item box right after we
use our star and guess what we get oh
how about another star cuz that's
exactly what we needed to do some more
damage up in here okay oh here comes
morton on his teddy bear that's what you
get from riding the teddy bear morton
you're scaring everybody Oh barely fits
away almost got him while we turn it on
again lightning who was dude who thought
that was a good idea oh my gosh yeah
that me barely gets away he barely
barely sneaks by oh he's lucky this time
that's okay okay here we go Bowser's
coming around this turn
taking it real close getting our boost
ah what do you guys Waluigi takes it
again yeah all right my name is Charlie
sock thank you for joining me today and
thank you for liking and subscribing you
guys have a great day and keep gaming
bye